i'ma hold up were not in a on t top
ground promoter at CEO Bob Arum volcano
controversial instead this issue on top
of Bakken party at Bradley
hello mr. Aaron good morning from the
Philippines yes this is Vega Santa's
from Jimmy Network right yes what's your
reaction on the fight well you know it's
the most ridiculous position that I've
ever seen many Pacquiao won 10 out of 12
rounds at the worst a lot of people at
him winning 11 out of 12 round how the
scoring result of the way it did is like
incomprehensible
and I am as the Attorney General of the
state of Nevada to conduct an
investigation to determine how this
happened can the decision be appealed
mr. Aaron no under the Nevada state law
all right the question now is will there
be a rematch come November that remains
to be seen if many wants a rematch we
will arrange the rematch
all right if appeal is not possible so
you're saying the the decision is
already final there's no way Manny girl
can get back his belt that's correct but
the investigation will determine who is
responsible but all right all right
there are a lot of speculations going
around and some people are saying that
the results that came out yesterday and
yesterday's fight was manipulated by
some groups in Vegas
how do you react to that well I can't
answer that I have no facts they answer
that and I have to rely on the Attorney
General's investigation to determine
whether in fact anything like that
happen mm-hmm so the gambling cool
yes very good I don't know I don't know
and it would be unfair for me to say
that's why you have an investigation
mm-hmm-hmm so that will be part of the
investigation to find out if there's any
finite elements when a lot and who will
and always respond to it all right
some of the bossing experts said Manny
Pacquiao was a little complacent in the
last few rounds of the fight is this the
same do you have the same observation no
you know you again
Bradley wasn't engaging in the last few
rounds and so it was difficult for Manny
to push the fight but you know I think
that after nine rounds I had him winning
all nine rounds mm-hmm and then maybe he
lost one round of the last three rounds
he won the 10th and 11th round easily so
mr. Aaron for you the real winner is
fuck out oh there's no question about it
all right are you still are you still
working on a possible fuck L mayweather
fight well if one thing at a time if
we're going to do the rematch to
November then we can do the Pacquiao
rematch
Pacquiao fight in May of next year next
year um any month next year yeah la na
na May next year all right mr. Aaron
thank you very much you're very welcome
and have a good day top brand promotion
CEO Bob arrow